spread
[Music]
uh this is not an advertisement nobody
pays me uh so remember
this is simply a review
disclaimer again
or educational purpose
[Music]
at least minimum five lakhs 7.5 lakhs 10
lakhs 15 lakhs 20 lakhs
as far as I know uh
uh but anyway ICC uh advantages
foreign
[Music]
good fine
pre-existing disease is 30 days of
initial waiting period uh specific
element waiting for the specific disease
or the slow growing disease
Emergency Services
on there
foreign
foreign foreign
[Music]
uh anyway
um we'll move on yeah
three year waiting period but uh Apex
plan something uh
um
uh because we have to be very careful
when we speak about these kind of
worldwide covering features Unlimited
maternity benefits from there
foreign
accident cover
um
[Music]
foreign
uh
good luck to you